of course Ross didn't scare you scare me
out I've ever wanted to live with him
something okay oh my god someone's
killed square man this is where I
thought the Barcalounger could go you
see you can see the TV and still it's
walking distance to the kitchen oh
that's so sweet I want to show you
something too okay you know this big big
road signs that say that say merge you
know so I was thinking that we could get
one of those signs and hang it over our
bed because that's you and I together
merge
oh my god really
I found you in my bed how'd you wind up
there are a mystery little black curly
hair
little black a little black black little
black
if you want to receive emails about my
upcoming shows then please give me money
so I can buy a computer
so huh where the other guys um well
let's see Monica and Chandler are
occupied fighting no the other thing
really think it's great they work things
out
yeah there's no breaking them up is
there are the key to your house if I can
run across the street make a copy sure
good thank you
now are you sure because once I make a
copy there's no turning back
yeah I'm sure now get out of here before
I change my mind
listen really think that's moving in
with Rachel was a good idea I've been
back and forth yeah well maybe you
should go back
Rachel moves in and before you know what
you're right well you don't want to be
back together yeah I don't I don't think
so much is ready talking about you know
dating other guys that's like a nun
workout that she's gonna come home weepy
and you'll be telling her oh that's okay
you'll find someone and then BAM she
find you hmm
maybe you're right I am Telling You well
she is definitely gonna fall in love
with you again
now is that what you want - is that what
I want
yes
I'm gonna make your life much easier all
right well the place was closed so this
cop bit later or not huh Rach
why don't you just move in with me Oh
whoa Joey okay I mean I look great I
know I scared you off with that whole
naked Thursday's thing but we don't have
to do that
well it would be easier to move just
right across the hall wait a minute les
you're thinking about naked Wednesdays
Thursdays clearly not good for you pick
a day hi hi lemon
thanks for coming back okay they've been
a lot of people interested in the room
but I have narrowed it down and you are
one of the finalists great okay now
before I make my decision I just want to
make sure that our personalities match
okay so I made up a little test now I'm
gonna say a word and then you say the
first thing that comes to mind I can do
that
okay here we go pillow fight very good
okay g-string
excellent
okay um doggy kitten oh sorry
so close no but
you